Hi, my name is Noah Gift.
I'm the founder of Progmatic AI Labs.
I wrote the book Progmatic AI,
an introduction to Cloud-based machine learning.
I lecture at Northwestern, UC, Berkeley, and UC, Davis.
Today, I'm going to discuss deploying a serverless event-driven microservice application.
Function as a service is really just as simple as it sounds,
it's a function that gets deployed.
It's actually a type of serverless technology.
One of the really fascinating things about a function is you can have an input,
you can have an output,
you can have a few lines of code,
and you can do amazing things.
Some of the amazing things you can do are,
respond to events like a file getting uploaded,
or having a website, or eventually even doing
a machine learning prediction.
So if you look at a function as a service in general,
one of the really leaders in function as a service is AWS Lambda.
AWS Lambda has inside of it a ecosystem that supports all of AWS' functionality,
and it really is one of the key services that AWS provides.
In general though, function as service isn't just AdaBoost Lambda,
it's a serverless platform that executes logic.
It typically does not store data,
and also, it's typically event-driven.
AWS Lambda as I mentioned,
was the first public Cloud offering but
many other Cloud providers are also doing function as a service.
So if we look at a function as a service application,
data engineering, that's one of them.
Machine-learning, that's another application of function as a service.
Also, single page web apps.
Finally, mobile apps can also be an example of function as a service.
Let's go and look into these a little bit and break it down.
So what could a data engineering function as a service application really do?
One of the things it can do is it can have a function that's sitting in the Cloud,
and it's reading a list of companies from a serverless database.
That serverless database could have Google,
Facebook, Amazon, typical fame-based companies.
Then it could actually pass that information on
a timed interval over to let's say, an Amazon SQS queue.
After that, there'll be another Lambda that's sitting there
grabbing information and doing advanced natural language processing.
So in terms of data engineering,
you can also go through and do this advanced natural language processing.
Now, in terms of machine learning,
if we look at machine learning function as a service,
a really good example actually is right out of Amazon.
They have an example of an AWS Lambda that
has IMEXnet model that's already been pre-configured,
and it's been uploaded to the Cloud,
then you can just call this serverless function
on demand when you want to make a prediction.
In terms of a single page web app,
one of the things you can do is you can deploy
basically a JavaScript page into S3,
do static hosting, and then you can actually have
the authentication occur via Lambda function that sits in the cloud.
Finally, with mobile apps, one of the things that you can do
is you're going to have events that get triggered,
and those events are actually Lambda functions.
最新课程跟课件还有一对一辅导请加wx：udacity6